well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
a lawsuit the media seems to be focusing
on the involvement of the former
Secretary of Homeland Security and James
clapper they're kind they've kind of
cosign this lawsuit that's not important
those people are politicians they were
in Obama's administration the fact that
they oppose Trump is not news what is
news is who brought the lawsuit it
wasn't brought by them it was brought by
the union that represents federal Asylum
officers now to understand why that's
important you have to understand what
federal Asylum officers do on a daily
basis they listen to the most horrible
stories of human suffering imaginable
they sit there and they listen to it and
then they make a decision if you're
talking to a federal asylum officer you
are in a bad way however being in a bad
way alone does not necessarily qualify
you for asylum so they listen to these
horrible situations that people are in
and they reach up and they click the
button that says deny and they send them
right back to that situation these are
not tender hearted people these are not
bleeding heart liberals these are people
who on a daily basis make decisions of
life and death for people based on
criteria they're bringing the lawsuit
over the remain in Mexico policy the
formal name of that is the migrant
protection protocols and if there has
ever been an example of Newspeak in the
United States it is that the migrant
protection protocols were brought into
existence by Trump he spoke them into
existence he dictated them and they
became the way we operate the asylum
officers are saying that it is a
violation it's causing widespread
violation of international and domestic
law of course it is
anybody that has watched this channel
for any length of time has seen me go
through this I'm gonna go through it
again real quick article 6 section 2 of
the US Constitution says that
international treaties are law the 1967
protocols for the treatment of refugees
lay out how we are supposed to treat
people we are violating international
law US law in the US Constitution based
on the whims of President Trump speaking
they also say that it is a fun that it
is fundamentally contrary to the moral
fabric of our nation I would agree
it most certainly is it most certainly
is there's a State Department report
that says asylum seekers are likely to
suffer the same persecution they face at
home in Mexico we're killing people if
this policy was not in existence that
little girl and her dad would still be
alive today okay
the one thing that came out during this
that I think is important I'm gonna say
it twice to make sure people catch catch
the importance of it the current system
as it is operating right now does not
allow asylum officers to ask if people
fear for their safety in Mexico however
if it is brought up by the asylum seeker
it can be considered asylum officers
cannot ask if people fear for their
safety in Mexico however if it is
brought up it can be considered if the
asylum seeker brings it up it can be
considered that seems like really
important information and it also shows
exactly how messed up this policy is
it's intentionally barring Asylum
officers from doing their job which is
to determine who's really at risk and
who isn't that's their job and the
president is stopping them from doing it
because this isn't about protecting
migrants it never was it's about
stopping people and then slowing down
the rate at which we process asylum
claims so they die that's what it is now
at the end of the day what's really
important here is that we have a man in
the Oval Office who dictated law there's
a word for that dictator who is in
control of concentration camps that's
where we're at in the United States
today he bypassed all all constitutional
checks to do this he didn't get
congressional authority he certainly
didn't find a way to undermine the an
international treaty he just spoke he
dictated law he's a dictator we let him
get away with it now these federal
Asylum officers are taking him to task
for it people who are used to making
life-and-death decisions
people who are totally comfortable
sending people back to squalor they're
saying that this is immoral they're
saying it is fundamentally contrary to
the moral fabric of our nation it is
anyway it's just a thought y'all y'all
have a good night